The scratch.
OS, File and file system.
Working with terminal.
Java Environment and first program.

Terminal is the program that we can add an input and according that it is going to do something

Linux commands
full path
pwd: print working directory, this command is used to determine your location in the file system. Where you are, current location
ls: list file, this command lists the contents of your current working directory. Everything that you have in that direction
cd: change directory, this command is used to change the current working directory. Where I want to go

If we want to go back:
cd./: this command will do nothing, stay in the same place
cd../: to switch one up level from the current directory
cd../../: to move two levels up
I also can use cd NameOfMyFolder - if the folder doesnt exist it will show me and error.

PUBLIC CLASS NAME{
PUBLIC STATIC VOID MAIN(STRING[]ARGS){

How to write code in Sublime and execute it with terminal?
1. We create a java sour code. Java is high level programming language that means we can understand.
We need to compile and execute. We have show the program that this is a java file.
save -> with the name of the class ALWAYS + java so -> MAIN.JAVA the extension for a java file is .java
Sublime is going to know this is a java program. the color is going to change
Now we need to compile and we do this from Terminal
From the terminal we have to go to the place where we save this javafile (pay attention where you save your program)
 JAVAC MAIN.JAVA (ALWAYS JAVAC + CLASS.JAVA)
 HERE this program took our source code that it is in high level language and convert it in java byte code.
 Then we go to the same place where we saved our javaclass.JAVA and we are going to see one more file that is a file CLASS (JAVA BYTECODE)
 Now I want to execute my class using java NameOfTheClass

 Every time I have to save and compile and execute

 JAVA IS KEYSENSITIVE if we make a mistake it is going to give us an error

 What is a file path? it is a unique location in a file system
 hpw data is store. each file has a specific direction/address
 Java is high level language programming that means we can understand java if we want to read from this goes to low level it is what machine understand